Restore dedicated migration docs. (#1806)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/dedicated/overview/upgrading.md

---
title: "Upgrading to the Integrated UI"
weight: 6
sidebarTitle: "Upgrading"
description: |

>   Older Platform.sh Dedicated projects (created prior to October 2017) used a separate Git repository for Production and Staging.  That also necessitated running most configuration changes through a ticket, and maintaining separate SSH credentials for each environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Platform.sh Dedicated Generation 1 projects (created prior to October 2017) used a separate Git repository for Production and Staging.  Theese projects needed running most configuration changes through a ticket, and maintaining separate SSH credentials for each environment.
```

>   Older Platform.sh Dedicated projects (created prior to October 2017) used a separate Git repository for Production and Staging.  That also necessitated running most configuration changes through a ticket, and maintaining separate SSH credentials for each environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Platform.sh Dedicated Generation 1 projects (created prior to October 2017) used a separate Git repository for Production and Staging.  That also necessitated running most configuration changes through a ticket, and maintaining separate SSH credentials for each environment.
```

> description: |
> Platform.sh Dedicated Generation 1 projects (created prior to October 2017) used a separate Git repository for Production and Staging.  That also necessitated running most configuration changes through a ticket, and maintaining separate SSH credentials for each environment.

Author: ```suggestion
description: Platform.sh Dedicated Generation 1 projects (created prior to October 2017) used a separate Git repository for Production and Staging.  That also necessitated running most configuration changes through a ticket, and maintaining separate SSH credentials for each environment.
```
